Good evening everyone.  This is Ken.  I'm in Nagoya now.  Um, it's about 9:30 right now
[music]
.  yes.  It
's about 9:30 tonight.
Recently I posted a video on YouTube of me
walking around Nagoya in the morning,
speaking simple Japanese.   Have
you seen the video yet?
Today,
let's take a walk together around Nagoya at night.
Do you like taking walks at night? I sometimes take walks at night.  I don't go for walks at night in the winter because it's too cold.
But I sometimes go for walks on summer nights.  Hey
everyone, there's a tower behind me.   Can you
see it?
What do you think? It looks beautiful at night when the lights are on.  It will become even more beautiful.  That place in Japan is lit up at night.
Do you like illuminated buildings and towers?
I often go to the mountains or rivers on my days off.
I'm going to the countryside.
Go to the countryside and enjoy nature.  Ah, but being
able to see this view is one of the nice things about being in the city.  I don't think you can often see a view like this in the countryside.
There's something chick-like over there.  It's a chick, right?  yes.  The chick is glowing.  Let's take a walk over here.
[Music]
This is a park, but it
also has shops and restaurants.
There's a really cool restaurant here
.
Today I
went to have dinner with a friend.   I
had dinner at the restaurant.
Tonight's dinner is
Chinese food.   I
ate Chinese food.
Today we ate super spicy ramen.
[Music]
There are a lot of delicious foods in Nagoya, but the ramen we ate today was Nagoya ramen.
But the name of the ramen
is Taiwan Ramen.  It's a little complicated though.
[MUSIC]
The name is Taiwan Ramen.
But
it's a Nagoya specialty.
I'm
not very good with spicy food.
Well, I eat it occasionally.
But I ca
n't eat very spicy food.
But today, well, there were three of us
, and my
friend and I all
had the spicy ramen.
I was already sweating but
managed to eat it well.
Two friends said, "
Oh, it's delicious."  It's really delicious.   He
said this while
eating.
That's amazing.
Two of my friends love spicy food
.   I
was surprised.
Well, we
ordered a variety of foods other than ramen.
Well, out of all the things I ate today, my favorite
was the fried rice.   The
fried rice was the best.
How about you guys?
Do you like spicy food? Do
you put a lot of hot sauce on everything you eat
?
People who can eat a lot of spicy food are
amazing.   I
think it's really amazing.
Um, there is
n't much spicy food in Japanese cuisine.
Japanese curry rice isn't that spicy either
.   The
ramen is
n't that spicy either.
Sometimes there is spicy ramen, but
generally it's not spicy.
Other than Nagoya's Taiwanese ramen, it
's not that spicy.
How is the food in your country?
Is there a lot of spicy food? I
'm walking around the city of Nagoya tonight,
and there
's a place I'd like to go to
.
[Music]
Um, there's a place around here that has a beautiful night view.  If you're walking around Nagoya at night, there's one place you definitely want to visit.   I would
like to go to that place with you all now.
Do you like night views?
[Music]
Tokyo has a lot of buildings, so
at night you
can see a lot of beautiful night views.
I come from the countryside,
so at night it gets pitch black near my house
.
How about you? Where
you live now, is it pitch
black at night?
Or
do you have a beautiful night view?
Here it is.  here.  Yes, everyone has
arrived.
If you're going for a walk at night in Nagoya, you should definitely
come here.
Can you see it here? Umm, you can see that tower from before
.
So, there's an interesting building over there
.  It's green now.
And it says Nagoya over there.
[Music]
If you come to Nagoya, be sure to
take a photo here.   I
recommend it.   It's
about 9:30 tonight, about 9:40
.
So there aren't many people there.
[Music] You
can go up to the top of the building.
Ah, it's
a little late right now so I'm
not sure if we can go up, but
let's give it a go.
Let's go for a bit.
[Music]
This place has a lot of shops and restaurants in the basement.
Yeah.  Oh no.
Oh, sorry.  Right now, uh, you can't go up
.
Oh, that's too bad.
Oh, that's too bad.   It's
over already.
I wish I had come a little earlier.  disappointing.  Well, the view up here is also
very beautiful, so if you come to Nagoya, be sure to check it out.  Well, this place is called Sake in Nagoya.   You
can get there by subway from Nagoya Station
.   It
's close.  It
's about a 10 minute subway ride.  Well, I
think it won't take more than 10 minutes.   It's
a bit cold today, so there aren't many people here
.
Everyone must have had dinner and
gone home.
Well, people in Nagoya probably went home or,
well, went to other izakayas or
something.
So, people who were in Nagoya on vacation
went back to their hotels or,
well, their own homes
.
My house in Japan is about an hour away from here
That's why I don't usually come to Nagoya at night
.   Right
now I'm doing something I don't normally do, so it
feels a bit fresh.
What do you think?
Do you feel excited when you do something you don't normally do? Do
you sometimes feel like doing something different from usual
? I
think it's good to do the same thing every day
.  That's amazing.
But
sometimes it's fun to do something different or
weird
.
Ah, I think so.   One
thing that was a little different for me was
tonight's dinner.
I don't usually eat very spicy food.
But today, a friend who likes spicy food
came all the way to Nagoya, so
I ate some spicy food too.
So, um, it
was a little difficult to eat the spicy ramen, but it
was good.   It
was delicious and
I felt good being able to eat the same thing as my friend.
Today, I
left home around 8am and have been in Nagoya ever since
,
so I walked a lot today.
Well, so
far today I've
walked about 27,000 meters.
Well, can you all see it? Oh, can you
see it?
So far today I've
walked about 27,000 meters.
Well, I have
n't gone home yet.
Yeah.   It's
probably about three stores walk from here to my house
.
Well, I'll get off the train and then, uh, walk a bit until I get on the train
.   I
'll probably walk about 30,000 meters today.
Um, my
leg hurts a little right now.
Well, so I
think I'm going home.
Oh, everyone, please be careful when you go for a walk at night
.
Everyone please go home and rest.  yes
.  Well, good night everyone.
[music]